Automation for minikube using make. (#323)
DecipherNow/helm-charts: docs/Deploy with Minikube.md

- [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases/tag/v2.14.3)@2.14.3
- [virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)@6.0.12

### Quickstart

> A couple of makefile targets provide a fast and easy way to standup greymatter on minikube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A couple of makefile targets provide a fast and easy way to standup Grey Matter on minikube.
```

> Before starting via Minikube you need to supply your credentials to dechipers docker registry. This will be your decipher email address and your decipher password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting via Minikube you need to supply your credentials for Decipher's docker registry. This will be your decipher email address and your decipher password.
```

You can interactively fillout your credentials with the credentials make target.

```sh
make credentials
```

After you have filled out your credentials using the above target you can get minikube up and running in one target using:

```sh
make minikube
```

To spin down minikube.

```sh
make destroy
```

> Additionally there is the fresh makefile target. Which effectively runs make credentials and then make minikube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is the `fresh` makefile target that runs `make credentials` and `make minikube`.
```

- [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases/tag/v2.14.3)@2.14.3
- [virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)@6.0.12

### Quickstart

A couple of makefile targets provide a fast and easy way to standup Grey Matter on minikube.

Before starting via Minikube you need to supply your credentials for Decipher's docker registry. This will be your decipher email address and your decipher password.

The `fresh` makefile target runs `make credentials` and `make minikube`.

```sh

> make fresh

Reviewer 2: You might want to add a note that there's a pre-requisite for `envsubst` to be installed first. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23620827/envsubst-command-not-found-on-mac-os-x-10-8

Reviewer 2: Kait mentioned the same thing [here](https://github.com/DecipherNow/helm-charts/pull/323#pullrequestreview-304558971) so it's important that it be addressed.

Author: I added a note about this on line 66 of the Doc in a commit after Kait mentioned this. It might be appropriate for it to go into the preqs section.
